A feature is a distinctive trait or a special attraction. Feature can also mean to give special attention to something. The word feature has several other senses as a noun and a verb. A feature is a unique quality or characteristic that something has.A feature story is a piece of longform non-fiction content that covers a single topic in detail. Examples of feature stories include news features, in-depth profiles, human interest stories, science communication, data storytelling, and more.The definition of a feature is a part of the face, a quality, a special attraction, article or a major film showing in the theatre. An example of feature is a nose. An example of feature is freckles. An example of feature is a guest speaker at an event. An example of feature is a cover story in a magazine.Feature stories aren't defined so much by subject matter as they are by the style in which they're written. In other words, anything written in a feature-oriented way is a feature story.Features always matter because they provide your customers with hints about how well your product or service will deliver its benefitsShort stories typically focus on a single plot instead of multiple subplots, as you might see in novels. Some stories follow a traditional narrative arc, with exposition (description) at the beginning, rising action, a climax (peak moment of conflict or action), and a resolution at the end.A literary theme is the main idea or underlying meaning a writer explores in a novel, short story, or other literary work. The theme of a story can be conveyed using characters, setting, dialogue, plot, or a combination of all of these elements.In machine learning and pattern recognition, a feature is an individual measurable property or characteristic of a phenomenon.[1] Choosing informative, discriminating and independent features is a crucial element of effective algorithms in pattern recognition, classification and regression. Features are usually numeric, but structural features such as strings and graphs are used in syntactic pattern recognition. The concept of "feature" is related to that of explanatory variable used in statistical techniques such as linear regression.In machine learning and pattern recognition, a feature is an individual measurable property or characteristic of a phenomenon.[1] Choosing informative, discriminating and independent features is a crucial element of effective algorithms in pattern recognition, classification and regression. Features are usually numeric, but structural features such as strings and graphs are used in syntactic pattern recognition. The concept of "feature" is related to that of explanatory variable used in statistical techniques such as linear regression.
